Add nested state property FAQ (#2108)
reactjs/react.dev: content/docs/faq-state.md

[Learn more about setState](/docs/react-component.html#setstate)

### How do I update nested state properties?

Let's say the state of your component looks like this:

```jsx
state = {
    user: {
        firstname: 'Bob',
        lastname: 'Dylan',
        age: 31
    }
}
```

> If you want to update `user.lastname` without replacing the whole `user` object in the state, use the [spread operator](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Spread_syntax) in the update function:

Reviewer: To be clear, this does replace the user object.

```suggestion
If you want to update `user.lastname` while keeping the other properties the same, use the [spread operator](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Spread_syntax) in the update function to copy the original keys to a new object:
```

Author: Very good point! Thank you for the suggestion.

> If you want to update `user.lastname` while keeping the other properties the same, use the [spread operator](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Spread_syntax) in the update function to copy the original keys to a new object:

Reviewer 2: There's no _spread operator_, it's the _spread **syntax**_ which you're correctly linking to already.

```jsx{4-7}

> changeLastName() {

Reviewer 2: To be closer to a real use-case (which would be less confusing), `changeLastName()` should take a new value as a parameter.

    changeLastName(newLastname) {

  this.setState((state) => {
    return {
        user: {
            ...state.user,

>             lastName: 'Doe'

Reviewer 2: There's a typo here, where you update `user` with `lastName`, but initially, it was `lastname`.
